⚠️ CONFLICT! Lineage pull request for: skeleton (#70)
cisagov/ansible-role-dev-ssh-access: README.md

None.

<!-- markdownlint-disable line-length -->
<!--
| Variable | Description | Default | Required |
|----------|-------------|---------|----------|

> | skeleton_with_test_user_bucket_name | The name of the AWS S3 bucket where the third-party files are stored. | None | Yes |

Reviewer: Prefer `n/a` to `None`:
```suggestion
| skeleton_with_test_user_bucket_name | The name of the AWS S3 bucket where the third-party files are stored. | n/a | Yes |
```
